>> Maximiliano Firtman: This
is professional JS workshop,
features you need to know.
My name is Maximiliano Firtman.
I can go by Max.
That's okay.
Firt on many social networks or
Firtman, Firt or Firtman.
So it depends so on X I'm Firt,
on GitHub Firtman, my last name.
Let me go really quickly
about my experience.
So I am from Argentina.
So I live in Buenos Aires and
I'm a mobile web developer.
So I have been doing website since
forever, actually, but really from 1996.
And also mobile apps since
2001 before the iPhone,
before the Android,
BlackBerry, Nokia, and so on.
But HTML in particular since 1996 and
JavaScript since 1998.
And I have developed more than 150
web apps that were deployed at some
time in the past or in the present.
And I'm also an author.
So I authored 13 books and
more than 70 courses,
a lot of courses here at Frontend Masters,
and a lot of books in English,
and also in other languages
with translations, actually.
And most of my books
are currently around the web and
the mobile space sometimes
web performance and so on.
The last kind of book that I author is
Learn PWA, that is free on web.dev.
Web.dev, it's from the Google Chrome team.
It's just on progressive web apps.
And at Frontend Masters, you will
find a lot of content that I authored
on Frontend, mobile apps,
Swift, Kotlin, Dart, and
Flutter, and also some backend courses,
including PHP and Go.
So, what is for this workshop?
So we will actually talk
about JavaScript and
professional features
that you need to know.
Let's talk about the latest
version of JavaScript.
Actually, we'll talk about something known
as ECMAScript that some of you may already
know, but some of you may have not
really understood what's going on,
what's ECMAScript, okay?
So we'll talk about ECMAScript,
the versions of ECMAScript available.
We will do a recap of ES6 or
ECMAScript 6 version, that at this point,
most web developers know at
least some of the features.
So we will do a recap of that.
So we are on the same page.
And after that,
we will start talking about the new stuff.
And we will organize those
new topics by category.
So first talking about
language enhancements.
So things that we have new operators,
for example, that we have or
new syntax that we have available in
JavaScript for some specific purposes.
Then we will get into array and
collections.
So what do we have new?
We have new collections.
We have also new ways to work with
collections, new methods available.
So we will talk about that.
Then get into async programming.
So probably you have already worked
with promises, but we'll do a recap
of promises and also the new things
that we have to work with promises.
And by the way, when we're talking
about JavaScript here today,
we're not just talking about client side.
We can also be talking about
the server side as well with Node.js or
with other framework.
So actually, we are talking about
the language, JavaScript, and
not one particular platform.
And then we will end the day with
some advanced techniques and
advanced ideas that might not be
suitable for all of the projects.
They are for very specific situations.
But anyway,
they are there today in the language.
So prerequisites for this workshop,
just basic JavaScript experience.
So if you have ever played with Node.js
scripts or JavaScript client-side or
React or Angular or
even TypeScript, you're good to go.
Some OOP experience is good.
I mean, if you know what a class is,
inheritance you understand
the basic concepts.
And also for today, just a web browser.
That's the only thing you need,
not even a code editor, okay?
So I will give you a URL
later to where we are.
We will follow along the course,
the workshop with the new stuff that
we have available in JavaScript.
So actually, that's the site,
it's firtman.github.io/projs,
that's just an online editor
where we will be covering
most of the stuff that we
have today in JavaScript.